title: "Childhood",
        content: `Who doesn't love the 90's? The era of VHS tapes, portable CD players, and dial-up internet. And let's not forget the great debate of our time: Playstation or Nintendo 64? As a 90's baby, I had a front-row seat to all of it.
  
  As for my family, my parents were baby-making machines, popping out seven kids in just nine years! Then, nine years later, I came into the picture. This big family and big age gap made for some interesting dynamics. I like to say that my mind is a decade older than my body.
  
  My family was also deeply religious. Like, devoutly so. We were highly involved in the local Mormon church and community, which had a big impact on me growing up. My beliefs have evolved drastically since then, but our religion instilled in me a strong desire to be a good person, make good decisions, and lend a helping hand. It also set me up for a life without harmful drugs or alcohol, which I'm very grateful for!
  
  Money was tight in our household. Most of my possessions were hand-me-downs or thrift store finds. Going out to eat or catching a movie was a luxury that only happened a few times a year. But you know what? It taught me to be grateful for the little things and work hard for what you want.
  
  Since I was knee-high to a grasshopper, I've had an insatiable curiosity for all things science and learning. While my buds begged to stay up late for Disney flicks, I pleaded for just one more hour of Nova space documentaries on the ol' PBS channel.
  
  Thanks to my love of learning and a burning desire to be the star student, I was always top of the class with perfect grades. In 4th grade I tested at a 12th+ grade reading proficiency! I remember being the last one left in the computer room as my test kept going into recess; and when the results printed out, the recommended reading list was empty - their system couldn't find any good books to match my age and reading level.
  
  But don't get me wrong, I wasn't just a bookworm. I also loved playing basketball, football (let's be real, it's more like handegg), tennis, and ultimate frisbee. Though I have to admit that I also spent countless hours slaying Bowser in Super Mario 64, battling it out in Super Smash Bros, and going on wild adventures in Sly Cooper, Kingdom Hearts, and many other video games.`