// src/content/lifeStory.js (continued)
export const lifeStoryContinued = {
  sections: [
    {
      title: "Falling in Love",
      content: `In the whirlwind of my hectic college life, where making friends felt like trying to catch a shooting star, I stumbled upon something even more dazzling—the love of my life.

Picture this: I'm singing in a choir during my second semester of college and in walks Rebekah, a burst of radiance in human form. She wasn't just beautiful; she was the whole package—kind, talented, humble, and fun. Cupid's aim was spot-on because I fell head-over-heels faster than you can say "love at first note."

Now, I must admit, I was a bit of a lousy suitor. Dates? Ha, what are those? I didn't have time for traditional courting, but I did the best I could with homework marathons, tag-team cooking capers, and stealing every precious spare minute to be together.

Fast forward a mere two months, and there I was, asking Rebekah to be my exclusive girlfriend. And in a blink of six months, with a speed that would make even The Flash raise an eyebrow, I popped the big question.

But this wasn't your run-of-the-mill dinner-and-ring affair. Oh no, I pulled out all the stops. I rallied a battalion of friends and family and together we transformed the Utah State University Bell Tower into a love-filled wonderland. Lights, pictures, the whole shebang.

And because I believe in going big or going home, I spent months crafting a heartstring-tugging masterpiece—"Time and Eternity." This wasn't just any song; it was an ode to our journey and my unwavering desire to traverse the sands of time with her.

Now, here comes the masterstroke: I slyly orchestrated a covert mission to lure her into the bell tower at night, all under the guise of a clandestine escapade. Little did she know, a symphony of lights and the sweet strains of "Time and Eternity" awaited her. I strummed the guitar, sang out my serenade, and then I dropped to one knee and unveiled the ring.

Rebekah was a special girl that deserved a special proposal, and I think I delivered just that. Thankfully, she said yes!

Rebekah and I tied the knot on 3/3/2018, and let me tell you, the journey has been nothing short of an epic adventure. Back when I proposed, I knew she was amazing, but I didn't fully grasp my sheer luck of having her love.

She's been my anchor through stormy seas, the queen of patience in the face of my many quirks, and a true beacon of love and forgiveness. We've weathered tempests, navigated uncharted waters, and sailed through the chaos of unexpected upheavals. Yet, through it all, her love has been a steady lighthouse guiding us home.

So here I am, head over heels, eternally grateful to share my life with this incredible woman. She's not just my partner in crime; she's the co-author of this wild, beautiful story we're living.`
    },
    {
      title: "Faith Deconstruction",
      content: `Less than a year into our marriage, I found myself in the midst of one of those "unexpected upheavals". A series of conversations with some truly admirable individuals shook the foundations of my religious beliefs, exposing cracks and inconsistencies that demanded my attention. Cue the existential crisis: "What do I actually believe, and why?"

Buckle up, because the next six months saw me on a deep dive into the murky waters of self-discovery. I immersed myself in religious texts, delved into the intricacies of philosophy (specifically epistemology), and had heart-to-heart interviews with thinkers from all walks of life. The result? A Cartesian dismantling of my belief system. Out with the old, in with a fresh start on the mother of all questions: "What do I value?"

The journey wasn't a stroll in the park. It was a trek through pain, fear, and confusion. But emerge I did with a clear vision of my values, beliefs, and the reasoning behind them. Religious doctrines were no longer in my playbook. Instead, I followed the example of Benjamin Franklin and crafted ten virtues I aspire to and embraced the scientific method as our best toolkit for unraveling the mysteries of reality.

I still harbor warm sentiments toward the Mormon religion. It played a significant role in my life, surrounding me with good friends and role models who nudged me toward good decisions and set me on a positive trajectory from the get-go. It's a chapter in my story, one that I appreciate for the good it brought.`
    },
    {
      title: "China Trip",
      content: `A year into our marriage, the universe handed us a phenomenal opportunity—a month-long stint in China. We stayed in 四川省 (Sichuan Province) where I taught English at local schools while Rebekah finished her degree with a few remaining online classes.

Our home base was a quaint little town named 邛崃 (Qionglai), a locale that gifted us an authentic taste of life in that corner of China. Oh, and let's not forget the jaw-dropping week we spent in 西安 (Xi'an), where we stood face to clay face with the 兵马俑 (Terracotta Army).

Wanderlust? Guilty as charged. This escapade was just the beginning of what we envision to be an endless series of international adventures. It can be eye-opening and inspiring to witness how folks on the other side of the globe live their lives. It's not just about places; it's about the people, the stories, and the shared humanity that binds us all. Here's to many more stamps on our passports and countless tales waiting to unfold!`
    },
    {
      title: "Graduation",
      content: `The following year unfolded with Rebekah taking on the brave role of a 4th-grade teacher, while I saw my undergraduate rollercoaster through to the end. Even with the crazy curveball of the COVID-19 pandemic, Rebekah provided a year of top-notch learning to her students and graduated Summa Cum Laude with a shiny 3.97 GPA.`
    },
    {
      title: "Parenthood",
      content: `Fast forward about six months post-graduation, and Rebekah decided that she wanted to be a mother. I was admittedly hesitant, but I agreed knowing that I wanted to be a father eventually and didn't have the heart to deny Rebekah something she'd dreamed of her entire life. I had no idea what I had signed up for.

This journey into parenthood was akin to boarding a rollercoaster without knowing the twists and turns. Rebekah's pregnancy as a nine-month saga of unrelenting nausea. And then the childbirth didn't go well at all, resulting in an emergency cesarean section where our baby boy - Ryker - almost didn't make it. He was then taken to the NICU for a suspenseful nine-day stay.

We braced ourselves for potential lifelong health and mental challenges for Ryker, but thankfully, he emerged with just one major issue—severe, projectile spit up. Picture this: more than 50 spit-ups a day, necessitating a battlefield of towels and my stylish towel-ponchos during Ryker duty.

This plunge into the waters of fatherhood (pun intended) was more than I bargained for; it shattered me into someone unrecognizable from the happy, passionate, and energetic person I used to be. I was severely depressed and anxious for a long time. But with each passing month